Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?

I overloaded the house constructor to only have a name and an elevator because if someone needed accessibility resources then they would need to be able to quickly atttain a list of house names, address and elevator status as the other things would be less important. This also would be helpful if you did not know a lot about a house as all of this information could be easily attained through the Smith website. There is also an even simplier house contstructor with just house name and address which would be helpful if you really only knew basic information about the house. In the library class I also overloaded the constructor twice. The first one is the most basic information about the library which is the name and the address. This could be helpful if one were to simply just want to know where  any library was. The next one just has the library name, address and the number of floors which would be helpful if you did not know or care if the library had a elevator. Lastly, for the cafe class I first overloaded the constructor by creating a much simplier version that just included a name and address which would be helpful if you didn't know a lot about a cafe. I then created a constructor with just the name, address and the information about a restock which could be used to create a cafe that only cared about the quantities it had in stock. 


- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
This assignment was more difficult for me and I think this was becuase it combined a lot of the different elements that we have been working on in class. I found that going back into past assingemtns was helpful however, I still got stuck and need to get a little more support. I therefore would advise going back into past assignments and also getting help when needed. 
